We were playing brave here,
because we haven't tested this.
But now, we can go to main.go,
that is still completely empty and
try to use this.
So what do I wanna try first?
Well, I will try to go and call my api.
So what's the name of the package, api?
Should I use cex?
I don't know if it's cex or cex.
Cex sounds complicated.
Anyway, for cryptocurrencies at least,
but anyway, cex, let's say.
Should I start writing cex.?
>> api.
>> api., that's the name of the package,
correct.
And then I have the GetRate.
It's going to import API, and
then I can parse on BTC and
try to receive BTC, it's Bitcoin.
So I can try to receive the answer that is
going to be a rate or a possible error.
And for that, I will just bring both.
It was just a quick print for
debugging purposes.
I'm not going to use this
as the final version.
So let's try this, so go run..
First, look at this.
This is Lulu.
Who is Lulu?
Lulu is a firewall that
I have to on my Mac
that I'm going to disable
right now you will see why.
Because it's detecting a new app in
my Mac trying to get to the network,
and let's say it's okay, this is new.
We won't allow that.
I can say Allow, okay?
That means that something's happening,
it's going into the network, okay, and
something will happen also.
There is a timeout.
So at one point, if the firewall is,
and there we have it.
We have something that we are receiving.
Probably, I don't know how to read that,
okay?
That's probably my print that I have here.
So it went to the network and
we received something.
If I try again, If Lulu is again
giving me an alert, I say Allow, okay?
Now, I try again.
LuLu gave me an alert.
Why?
Lulu, my firewall is giving me, I'm saying
allow, and that should stay forever.
And did I change the rule?
Why is Lulu giving me the same alert
on every time I run in the app?
Does anyone know why?
Go is a binary, and
actually we are running.
But if you remember, running is not
actually like running the same app.
It's building a new app every time in
a temporary directory that I'm not seeing
and running it.
Every time I'm executing run,
it's building a new app.
So from an OS point of view,
it's a new app that is trying
to get to the network, okay?
And also now, we got the JSON.
Why the JSON wasn't there the first time,
it was because Lulu was blocking it for
a while and then it goes to a timeout.
But we see the JSON as a string,
so it's working.
And what we see here,
the the the rate and the error.
And yeah, that they're pretty bad, okay,
because the rate is
actually a memory address.
It's a pointer, so we will need to
do something better with that, okay?
But in fact, I just tried to
show the price of the rate and
I will explain something interesting.
I will delete Lulu from memory for now,
okay, and this is my output, my rate.
It's not probably the notation that I
expect, okay, but we'll make that better.
So what's going on here?
Rate, what's the type of rate?
So if I write right here, what's the type?
It's not my structure.
It's a pointer to my structure, okay?
But then I used dot and
it worked, so I didn't need
to do something like this,
get into the object and
then called price or
something like that, okay?
Well, that is because the dot syntax,
when the dot operator actually
works with pointers and
it goes to the object, it goes to
the instance to make our life easier.
So if we have the structure instance or
a pointer to the structure instance,
how you call methods or
how you access properties is the same,
just the dot, it's like a shortcut, okay?
Make sense?
Cool, so, so far I have my code
working in terms of I'm receiving
a JSON from the server, but
we need one more step, right?
So we need to parse the JSON,
because right now, it's just a string.